Q.) What’s stdint.h?
    A.) This library helps with portability of the code with different variables to show the exact sizes.
    For example, in a rgb triplet for our bmp format, we want each color to be exactly 8-bits wide  (uint8_t) (0 to 255).

Q.) What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?
    A.) It is important for using the strictly defined integer width rather than
    just ints.  

Q.) How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?
    A.) 1, 4, 4, 2

Q.) What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? Leading bytes used to identify file formats 
(with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers."
    A.) BM (so 66 and 77)

Q.) What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?
    A.) bfSize is the size in bytes of the bitmap file
    biSize is the bytes required by the struct

Q.) What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
    A.) It means that the device-independent bmp is a top-down DIB and its origin is the upper-left corner.

Q.) What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?
    A.) biBitCount

Q.) Why might fopen return NULL in lines 24 and 32 of copy.c?
    A.) It would return null if it can't find the input file to read from or 
    the output file to write to; because for instance if we don't have 
    write permissions or the file couldn't be found or the network is down.

Q.) Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
    A.) Because fread() reads the length of the headers 1 time from the given input file, 
    storing it at the location (ie buffer of memory) given by the first argument (pointer)

Q.) What value does line 65 of copy.c assign to padding if bi.biWidth is 3?
    A.) 1 (because bytes per scanline needs to be ultiple of four or %4 = 0)
    So 3*3 = 9, 9 % 4 = 1, 4-1 = 3, and 3 % 4 = 3.  So padding is 3.

Q.) What does fseek do?
    A.) It sets the file position indicator to the amount of padding needed
    after the current position of the indicator (SEEK_CUR) or after whatever position
    you say.

Q.) What is SEEK_CUR?
    A.) It is the current position in our stream (which is our file stream inptr, which
    points to the file 'infile'). 

**man pages were the most helpful for this!